# DB1-Ninapro-sEMG-Classification-
According to Atzori et.al. [Atzori, Manfredo, et al. "Electromyography data for non-invasive naturally-controlled robotic hand prostheses." Scientific data 1 (2014): 140053], the first database contains data obtained from 27 intact subjects (20 males, 7 females; 25 right handed, 2 left handed; age 28 ± 3.4 years).  The first is the official Ninapro repository (Data Citation 1), which also gives the opportunity to upload classification results for each database, together with details regarding the classification procedure.  First database consisting of EMG 52 classes data which is divided based on into three types of exercises based
on movements.  It comprises (1) 12 basic movements of the fingers (2) 17 basic movements of the wrist and hand configurations (3) 23 grasping and functional movements having a total of \(C=52\) Categories. The data recorded using 10 Otto Bock sEMG Electrodes(gives rise to 10 channel vectors) with \(R=10\) movement repetitions. The EMG channels 1 to 8 contains the signal from the electrodes equally spaced around the forearm; channels 9 and 10 include the signal from the electrodes located on  muscle Flexor Digitorum Superficialis and of the  Extensor Digitorum Superficialis. Several signal processing steps were performed before making data publicly available on the repositories (Data Citations 1 and 2). These steps included synchronization, relabelling and (for the Delsys electrodes) filtering. The raw data are available upon successful registration at http://ninapro.hevs.ch/.

E1.m, E2.m, E3.m are the main codes for signal processing of EMG signals(obtained from the Ninapro-DB1) such as filtering, decomposition, denoising, statistical feature extraction on signal-window-segments, and concatenation of features to form a numerical feature vector in addition to the corresponding categorical column of class labels. 

Feature Vector Table with class labels: They are the processed matlab (.mat ) outputs for the EMG exercise E1,E2 and E3. DB is the Feature Vector of all exercises. It can be given as an input to the classifier. Available at https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1LDXkIR3aquQq_FqrQxMD-av5QWGmCRCf?usp=sharing

Different image files and mat files of 'confusion matrices' created using various features under given classifiers.
